list insertion-behavior-docs (PR from TinaCMS) (#3779)
tinacms/tina.io: content/docs/reference/types/object.mdx

<apiReference
  property={[
    {
      name: "type",
      type: "string",
      description: 'Set this to `"object"` to use the Object Field.\n',
      required: true
    },
    {
      name: "name",
      description: "The name of the field for internal use.\n",
      type: "string",
      required: true
    },
    {
      name: "fields",
      description: "The fields to display in the object.\n",
      type: "Field[]"
    },
    {
      name: "templates",
      description:
        "The templates to display in the object.\n\nAvailable when list: true.\n",
      type: "Template[]"
    },
    {
      name: "templatesKey",
      description: "Choose a different reference key for the templates.\n",
      type: "string"
    },
    {
      description:
        "Whether the object should be treated as an array of objects using the defined `fields` schema.\n",
      name: "list",
      type: "boolean",
      default: "false",
      groupName: ""
    },
    {
      description:

>         "Defines how new items are added to the list. Supported values include `append` or `prepend`.\n\nOnly used when `list: true`\n\nAdded in TinaCMS 2.8.2\n",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "Defines how new items are added to the list. Supported values include `append` or `prepend`.\n\nAvailable when `list: true`\n\nAdded in TinaCMS 2.8.2\n",
```
